wording and OAS link (#362)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/reference/openapi.md

Our API reference has moved:

> We are now using the [OpenAPI Specification](https://swagger.io/specification) to maintain our API documentation. Visit our new [OpenAPI documentation](https://{{< domain-c8y >}}/api/{{< c8y-current-version >}}) and have a look.

Reviewer: We are now using > We now use

Author: ```suggestion
We now use the [OpenAPI Specification](https://swagger.io/specification) to maintain our API documentation. Visit our new [OpenAPI documentation](https://{{< domain-c8y >}}/api/{{< c8y-current-version >}}) and have a look.
```
